
Outbound IVR
------------
    
  - The Outbound IVR Process

The Outbound IVR will function by placing outbound calls and upon answer will
connect them to a "Virtual Agent" to be processed by the IVR. Answering machine
detection may also be enabled to determine if the called party is an answering
machine and optionally leave a message. If calls are not answered, an answering
machine, or of some other result, the dialer will disposition them accordingly.

Upon being passed to the IVR process, the call will be dispositioned with a
customizable answered status.  The IVR will play a pre-recorded message and
wait for the called party to send a DTMF response.  After recieving the DTMF
response, the dialer will act upon the selected corresponding function



  - Administration and Configuration

The configuration will be definable on a per-campaign bases, allowing each
campaign to have its own IVR system.  The manager will be able to select the
pre-recorded file to play, the disposition to assign to the lead when the call
is answered, and the maximum number of times to repeat the pre-recorded message
in case of an invalid DTMF response or timeout.

The manager will also be able to assign any of the "IVR Functions" to any DTMF
response that may be sent. All of the functions will disposition the lead before
executing. The standard reporting can then be used to determine the outcome of
each answered call.


  - IVR Functions

The options will be able to be assigned to any given key-press.

  Agent Transfer
    This function will disposition a call with the given status, optionally
    play a pre-recorded file to alert the called party that they are being
    transferred, and then connect the called party to an agent.

  External Transfer
    This function will disposition a call with the given status, optionally
    play a pre-recorded file to alert the called party that they are being
    transferred, and then connect the called party to the given number.

  External Transfer - Multiple
    Will function the same as the External Transfer, except the manager will
    be able to enter multiple numbers that the call may be transferred to.
    The manager can have them attempted in a random order or select
    round-robin, attempting each number in order with a memory of which number
    the last call was transferred to.

  Play File
    This function will disposition a call with the given status, play a
    pre-recorded file, and then return to the previous menu.

  Goodbye Function
   This function will disposition a call with the given status, play a
   pre-recorded file, and then hangup.  If the status is DNC, the function
   with add the number to the global DNC list.

  Top
   Will go back to the top-most menu and repeat the announcement.



  - Reporting

Since each answered IVR session is a "Virtual Agent", all of the standard
reporting is available.  Current call volumes, agent status, campaign/list
summaries, list details, etc.
